Gantt and FileManager: Change the Getting Started section, Describe concepts (#62)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 Widgets/Gantt/10 Gantt Elements/10 Task.md

A **task** is a unit of work. On the Gantt chart, it displays the following information: 

* Task title.

* Duration (start and end dates).

* Task progress.

* Associated dependencies that specify relationships between tasks.

* Associated resources.

![DevExtreme Gantt Chart - Tasks](/images/Gantt/task.png)

A large task can be divided into **subtasks** that allow you to track the progress. 

![DevExtreme Gantt Chart - Subtasks](/images/Gantt/subtasks.png)

A **milestone** is a task with the same start and endpoint. Milestones can be used as checkpoints for important points in a project.

![DevExtreme Gantt Chart - Milestone](/images/Gantt/milestone.png)

> The **Gantt** widget gets data for tasks from a data source ([dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxGantt/Configuration/tasks/#dataSource)). Task objects from the data source are automatically bound to the widget if these objects have the default 'title', 'start', 'end', etc. data fields in its structure. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Gantt** widget gets data for tasks from a data source ([dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxGantt/Configuration/tasks/#dataSource)). Task objects from the data source are automatically bound to the widget if these objects have the default 'title', 'start', 'end', etc., data fields in their structure. For example:
```

    {
        'id': 1,
        'parentId': 0,
        'title': 'Software Development',
        'start': new Date('2019-02-21T05:00:00.000Z'),
        'end': new Date('2019-07-04T12:00:00.000Z'),
        'progress': 31       
    }

> The following example illustrates how to bind the widget to tasks stored in the data source that contains data fields with conventional names:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example illustrates how to bind the widget to tasks stored in the data source, which contains data fields with conventional names:
```

    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    $(function() {
        $("#gantt").dxGantt({
            tasks: {
                dataSource: tasks
            },
            // your code
        });
    });
    <!-- tab: data.js -->
    var tasks = [{
        'id': 1,
        'parentId': 0,
        'title': 'Software Development',
        'start': new Date('2019-02-21T05:00:00.000Z'),
        'end': new Date('2019-07-04T12:00:00.000Z'),
        'progress': 31
    },
    // your code
    ];

> If the data source's field names differ from the standard field names mentioned above, use the **[fieldName]Expr** properties to map task title, progress, start/end points, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the data source's field names differ from the standard field names mentioned above, use the **[fieldName]Expr** properties to map task title, progress, start/end points, etc.
```
